all right I just finished my window farm
set up last night so I thought I'd give
you guys a little peek it is for bottles
it's a six-foot bamboo rod this
reservoir I got from Walmart a lot of
people do the inflation needles inside
and submerge the whole setup but I did
something like this that's a lot simpler
it's got a check valve here so that
bubbles don't come up into the tube that
tank and then another check valve here
so that the pump doesn't get waterlogged
so the air water mixture happens right
there and it bubbles up all the way to
the top where I have a muffler and so it
drips out of the muffler and into plants
keeps them all constantly wet I use
socks to block out the light that way i
can bring the socks down and check on
the the root system as it grows so yeah
and then I'm thinking about doing
something different right here maybe
using this cap and putting it on and
drilling holes in it or something but
for right now it's just open one thing
sweet is you can just turn the water off
right there and it will flush the system
it'll just sound air through it so if
you can it's really easy to take the
system apart and my favorite thing one
thing that I was really worried about it
actually fits behind my blinds so it's
very inconspicuous and I don't have to
sacrifice any privacy or light blocking
to make this happen so it's pretty sweet
I'm growing a lettuce Swiss chard and
sugar snap peas right now
I have a little bit of strawberry that
I'm hoping will start but I really need
to just get some actual seeds for it so
yeah that's my window farm set up